chore: add docs about auth available under the beta tag (#66)
stackblitz/webcontainer-docs: docs/api.md

---

## `auth`

::: warning
This module is currently only available under the `beta` tag. If you want to use
it you will need to install this version specifically:

```bash
npm install @webcontainer/api@beta
```

We don't guarantee backwards compatibility between beta versions.
:::

The authentication API is exported under the `auth` namespace. It allows you to authenticate users visiting your website via StackBlitz. In order for users to be authenticated via this method, they must:

 * Be logged in on StackBlitz.

>  * Belong to the organisation you used to generate your `client_id` for use with the WebContainer API.

Author: Oh good catch!

 * Authorize your website.

Once logged in, you'll be able to install private packages that those users have access to within WebContainer.

### `auth` Functions

<br />

### ▸ `init`

> Intialize the authentication for use in WebContainer. This method should be call as soon as possible as part of the loading of your page. For example at the top of a module that gets loaded as soon as the page load. This is important for multiple reasons:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Intialize the authentication for use in WebContainer. This method should be called as soon as possible as part of the loading phase of your page. For example at the top of a module that gets loaded as soon as the page loads. This is important for multiple reasons:
```

>  * If you do client side routing, and the OAuth flow is happening, then query parameters might be populated with values related to the OAuth flow. The `init` function remove them after they've been consumed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * If you do client side routing, and the OAuth flow is happening, then query parameters might be populated with values related to the OAuth flow. The `init` function removes them after they've been consumed.
```

  <a href="#authinit-options" class="header-anchor" aria-hidden="true">#</a>
</h4>

```ts
interface AuthInitOptions {
  /**
   * StackBlitz' origin.
   *
   * @default https://stackblitz.com
   */
  editorOrigin?: string;

  /**
   * The client id for this OAuth application.
   */
  clientId: string;

  /**
   * OAuth scope.
   *
   * @see https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6749#section-3.3
   */
  scope: string;
}
```

<h4 id="authfailed-error">
  <a id="authfailed-error"><code>AuthFailedError</code></a>
  <a href="#authfailed-error" class="header-anchor" aria-hidden="true">#</a>
</h4>

```ts
interface AuthFailedError {
  status: 'auth-failed';

  /**
   * A short description of the error.
   */
  error: string;

  /**
   * A detailed description of the error.
   */
  description: string;
}
```

### ▸ `startAuthFlow`

This starts the OAuth flow, redirecting the current page to the StackBlitz editor to authenticate the user unless `popup` is set to true in which case it's done in a popup.

<code>startAuthFlow(options?: { popup?: boolean }): void</code>

### ▸ `loggedIn`

Returns a promise that resolves when the user authorized your application.

> This promise is guaranteed to never be rejected.

Reviewer: Just out of curiosity. Why do we sometimes have long sentences on a single line? And why do we sometimes cut them off?

Author: Oops I didn't mean to do that, what do you think should be the preferred way?

If the user never authorizes or declines your application, this promise never
resolves.

<h4 id="auth-loggedin-signature">
  <a id="auth-loggedin-signature">Signature</a>
  <a href="#auth-loggedin-signature" class="header-anchor" aria-hidden="true">#</a>
</h4>

<code>loggedIn(): Promise<void\></code>

<h4 id="auth-loggedin-example">
  <a id="auth-loggedin-example">Example</a>
  <a href="#auth-loggedin-example" class="header-anchor" aria-hidden="true">#</a>
</h4>

```ts
const instance = await WebContainer.boot();

// wait until the user is logged in
await auth.loggedIn();

// we can now fetch private packages from our organisation
await instance.spawn('npm', ['install']);
```

### ▸ `logout`

Logout the user and clear any credentials that were saved locally.

> If `ignoreRevokeError` is set and the revocation failed, the locally-saved credentials are discarded nonetheless.

Reviewer: Is `revocation` a correct word?

Author: I think it is? https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/revocation#English
